I get a lot of phone calls and emails
and letters from people who woke up in
the middle of the night thinking
something terrible was invading their
campground when they suddenly were
hearing barred owls they're often doing
that because they're hearing another
pair or individual barred owl on an
established territory and that's when
the pair starts really revving up and
making those territorial calls
one night I was being totally quiet just
walking along this road and in flew two
barred owls there was a full moon behind
them and you could actually see their
eyes as they were calling and it was
just magical
you